Enhanced the OpenAI conversation component docs to include Azure seciton (#4887)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-conversation/openai.md

## Azure OpenAI Configuration

To configure the OpenAI component to connect to Azure OpenAI, you need to set the following metadata fields which are required for Azure's API format.

### Required fields for Azure OpenAI

When connecting to Azure OpenAI, the following fields are **required**:

- `apiType`: Must be set to `azure` to enable Azure OpenAI compatibility
- `endpoint`: Your Azure OpenAI resource endpoint URL (e.g., `https://your-resource.openai.azure.com/`)
- `apiVersion`: The API version for your Azure OpenAI deployment (e.g., `2025-01-01-preview`)
- `key`: Your Azure OpenAI API key

Get your configuration values from: https://ai.azure.com/

### Azure OpenAI component example

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: azure-openai
spec:
  type: conversation.openai
  metadata:
  - name: key
    value: "your-azure-openai-api-key"
  - name: model
    value: "gpt-4.1-nano"  # Default: gpt-4.1-nano
  - name: endpoint
    value: "https://your-resource.openai.azure.com/"
  - name: apiType
    value: "azure"
  - name: apiVersion
    value: "2025-01-01-preview"
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> When using Azure OpenAI, both `endpoint` and `apiVersion` are mandatory fields. The component will return an error if either field is missing when `apiType` is set to `azure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Azure OpenAI, both `endpoint` and `apiVersion` are mandatory fields. The component returns an error if either field is missing when `apiType` is set to `azure`.
```
